Clarify step 2 in Creating an Addon (#273)
ScratchAddons/website-v2: content/docs/develop/getting-started/creating-an-addon.md

## Step 1: Read about [addon basics](/docs/develop/getting-started/addon-basics/)
Make sure to read that article to be familiar with the terminology.

## Step 2: Fork/clone the [repo](https://github.com/ScratchAddons/ScratchAddons)

> Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/ScratchAddons/ScratchAddons#from-source) to download the source code locally and add Scratch Addons to your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [these instructions](https://scratchaddons.com/docs/getting-started/installing/#from-source) to download the source code locally and add Scratch Addons to your browser.

```
